# Single sheet Sharing instructions

## Instructions to Give Access for a Particular Sub-Sheet from a Spreadsheet

1.  Open the original transcript spreadsheet and ensure that it is opened with [ncdcdm1@gmail.com](mailto:ncdcdm1@gmail.com).
2.  Go to the "recording-instr" sub-sheet in the original spreadsheet.
3.  Click on the "Extensions" menu in the original spreadsheet menu bar.
4.  In the "Extensions" menu, select "Sheet Share - Share Single Sheet and Two-Way Sync" option. If you can't see this option, escalate to the technical team.
5.  Once you click on "Sheet Share - Share Single Sheet and Two-Way Sync", a menu will open on the right side, select "Open" in it.
6.  Wait till the "Sheet Share" menu opens on the right side.
7.  Click on the "+Share" button on the top-right side of the Sheet Share menu.
8.  Enter the original spreadsheet component ID name in the "Name" section.
9.  Choose the "Click to add sheet" option in the "Sheet" section.
10.  It will open a menu for "Sheet Settings" with two drop-down options.
11.  In the "Select the sheet to share" drop-down, choose the sheet name which you want to share.
12.  In the "Protection" drop-down, choose "No protection", and then click on "Save".
13.  In the "User" section, click on "Click to add user". It will open a "User Settings" menu.
14.  Enter the email ID of the person to whom you want to share that sub-sheet in the "Specify the user to share with" text field.
15.  Choose the "Editor" option in the "Permission" drop-down and then click on "Save".
16.  Make sure all the three sections (Name, Sheet, User) are entered properly, then click on "Save".
17.  It will generate the sharing access for that sheet, and you can see the name you have given in the Sheet Share menu.
18.  Take your mouse on the name you have created. You can see a 3 dots menu showing on the right side of that name.
19.  Click on that 3 dots and choose "Open shared sheet" from the list.
20.  Make sure it opens a new tab in the browser with the given sheet name, and check the sub-sheets you have selected in step 11 are there in the newly opened spreadsheet.
21.  If everything is fine, copy the URL of the spreadsheet from the address bar and update it in the tracker sheet.
22.  Repeat the above steps for all the components.
